Starmap
by Ove Kåven <ovek@arcticnet.no>
https://github.com/ovekaaven/starmap

This application is currently able to show an overhead view of
nearby stars. Navigate with the arrow keys and PgUp/PgDn, zoom with
the + and - keys. Point the mouse cursor at a star to get more
information about it, including names, position, spectral type,
and distance.

You can press the left mouse button on a star to let the star become
the new reference star, if you're interested in seeing the distance
between that star and another.

Experimental pitch control can be tried with Home/End, but do not rely
on the grid if you try this; it's best to turn the grid off if you do.
The lines to the galactic plane should in theory be correct though.
(Patches to enhance the grid are of course welcome.)

To compile this application, you need wxWidgets, https://www.wxwidgets.org/

Have fun!

FUTURE PLANS/POSSIBILITIES
(I may not get around to implement all of these myself)

Verify that the coordinate system is correct.

Automatically adjust Gliese data to epoch 2000.

Calculate star size and temperature, show star's visible color
instead of plain dull white.

Search facility.

Full 3-D camera rotation support (including grid).

Add non-perspective (orthographic) projection to Options menu,
to show a completely flat starmap.

Stereo mode (two views slightly shifted related to each other,
one for each eye - unfortunately, I don't have stereoscopic vision
myself (my left eye barely works), so I probably won't do it).

Time machine option (see where stars are in the future, or was
in the past).

More intelligent nametag placement.

Getting a clue about naming systems and such.

Letting the app use its own database (reduces load time, and lets
the user add his/her own remarks to a star - perhaps even a shared
database would be great fun, users naming stars, adding event notes,
info from SF novels, etc, and other users would see it too).

Printing.

Fix bugs.

MORE INFORMATION

This application was written with information from
http://www.projectrho.com/public_html/starmaps/index.php

The Gliese 3.0 Near Star Catalog and Yale Bright Star Catalog is also
available from the above site (the "My God, It's full of Stars!" page),
as well as various other sites.
